Remove mentions of fabric and update composite databases concepts page (#2072)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/database-administration/composite-databases/concepts.adoc

[[composite-databases-concepts]]
= Concepts

A composite database is a special type of database.
Composite databases are the means to access this partitioned data or graphs with a single Cypher query.

Composite databases *do not store data* independently.

> They contain _database aliases_ that target the local or remote databases (the so-called _constituents_) that constitute a fabric setup.

Author: I was wondering whether to keep it or not. When we discussed this page with Ivan for the 5.0 release, he wanted to keep the concept fabric because it's well-known. But instead of having the meaning that we were used to imply by it in 4.x, it means what everyone knows it means - a particular architectural design.
So, I don't have a strong opinion on that. I'll remove it for now.

Local database aliases target databases within the same DBMS, while remote database aliases target databases from another Neo4j DBMS.
For more information, see xref:database-administration/aliases/manage-aliases-composite-databases.adoc[].

Composite databases are managed using Cypher administrative commands.
For a detailed example of how to create a Composite database and add database aliases to it, see xref:database-administration/composite-databases/querying-composite-databases.adoc[Set up and query composite databases].

> Composite databases cannot guarantee compatibility between constituents from different long-term support (LTS) versions of Neo4j.

Author: Yes, I won't change it in 5.x. The question is how to make it meaningful for 2025.x series as well. How about something like that:
```suggestion
Composite databases cannot guarantee compatibility between constituents from different Neo4j versions.
Constituents from versions without breaking changes should work fine, apart from newly-added features.
```

Therefore, all constituents should belong to the same LTS version.
If a new feature is introduced, its availability will be limited to the intersection of features available for all constituents.

Composite databases have the following characteristics:

* Provide access to graphs found on other databases (local or remote).
* Do not store data independently.
* Can be deployed in standalone and cluster deployments.
* Managed using Cypher commands, such as `CREATE COMPOSITE DATABASE` and `CREATE ALIAS`.
* You can shard an existing database with the help of the `neo4j-admin copy` command.
* Use the same user credentials as the database aliases.

> * Do not support database management.

Author: I will. I guess I need to delete the next sentence, as it no longer makes sense.

[[composite-databases-concepts]]
= Concepts

A composite database is a special type of database.
Composite databases are the means to access this partitioned data or graphs with a single Cypher query.

Composite databases *do not store data* independently.
They contain _database aliases_ that target the local or remote databases (the so-called _constituents_).
Local database aliases target databases within the same DBMS, while remote database aliases target databases from another Neo4j DBMS.
For more information, see xref:database-administration/aliases/manage-aliases-composite-databases.adoc[].

Composite databases are managed using Cypher administrative commands.
For a detailed example of how to create a Composite database and add database aliases to it, see xref:database-administration/composite-databases/querying-composite-databases.adoc[Set up and query composite databases].

Composite databases cannot guarantee compatibility between constituents from different Neo4j versions.
Constituents from versions without breaking changes should work fine, apart from newly-added features.

> If a new feature is introduced, its availability will be limited to the intersection of features available for all constituents.

Reviewer: Technically, this would be more correct, if we want to be precise:
```suggestion
If a new feature is introduced, its availability will be limited to the intersection of features available on the DBMS where the composite database is defined, as well as all of its constituents.
```
